# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [active] [ref=e1]:
  - main [ref=e3]:
    - generic [ref=e7]:
      - generic [ref=e10]:
        - link [ref=e12] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /
          - img [ref=e13]
        - generic [ref=e16]:
          - generic [ref=e17]:
            - link "Home" [ref=e18] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /
              - text: Home
            - link "Questions" [ref=e20] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /questions
              - text: Questions
            - link "Courses" [ref=e22] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /courses
              - text: Courses
            - link "Projects" [ref=e24] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /projects
              - text: Projects
            - link "Resources" [ref=e26] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /resources
              - text: Resources
            - link "Pricing" [ref=e28] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /pricing
              - text: Pricing
          - generic [ref=e30]:
            - generic [ref=e31]:
              - generic [ref=e33] [cursor=pointer]:
                - img [ref=e34]
                - text: Ctrl + K
              - heading "Search" [level=2] [ref=e37]
              - paragraph [ref=e38]: Search through site content
              - link "Dashboard" [ref=e39] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /dashboard
                - img [ref=e40]
                - paragraph [ref=e42]: Dashboard
            - button "kalyla" [ref=e44] [cursor=pointer]:
              - img "kalyla" [ref=e46]
      - main [ref=e47]:
        - generic [ref=e48]:
          - generic [ref=e49]:
            - generic [ref=e50]:
              - img [ref=e52]
              - generic [ref=e93]:
                - generic [ref=e98]:
                  - generic [ref=e100]: 149,957
                  - generic [ref=e101]: happy learners and counting
                - heading "Master Data Analytics Skills That Get You Hired" [level=1] [ref=e102]:
                  - text: Master Data Analytics Skills That Get
                  - generic [ref=e103]: You Hired
                - generic [ref=e104]: Analyst Builder is your all-in-one platform to become a Data Analyst. We have In-depth Courses to teach you the skills, Crash Courses to get you ready for Technical Interviews, and Technical Questions to help you practice and be prepared for your next job!
                - generic [ref=e105]:
                  - link "Explore Courses" [ref=e106] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /courses
                    - generic [ref=e107]: Explore Courses
                  - link "Practice Questions" [ref=e108] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /questions
                    - generic [ref=e109]: Practice Questions
            - generic [ref=e111]:
              - link "Interview Preparation" [ref=e112] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /questions
                - generic [ref=e115]:
                  - img [ref=e117]
                  - generic [ref=e119]: Interview Preparation
              - link "Real company projects" [ref=e120] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /projects
                - generic [ref=e123]:
                  - img [ref=e125]
                  - generic [ref=e127]: Real company projects
              - link "Career Support" [ref=e128] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /resources
                - generic [ref=e131]:
                  - img [ref=e133]
                  - generic [ref=e135]: Career Support
          - generic [ref=e137]:
            - heading "What Our Students Are Saying" [level=2] [ref=e138]
            - generic [ref=e139]: Our comprehensive program combines practical skills, real-world experience, and career support to give you the confidence and expertise to succeed as a data analyst.
            - generic [ref=e140]:
              - generic [ref=e141]:
                - generic [ref=e142]:
                  - generic [ref=e144]:
                    - img [ref=e146]
                    - generic [ref=e148]: I just landed my first job thanks to you!! Salary was 65k and I start in 2 weeks!! I nailed the Technical Interview (which I was really nervous for) thanks to Analyst Builder! :D
                    - generic [ref=e150]: Missy24
                  - generic [ref=e152]:
                    - img [ref=e154]
                    - generic [ref=e156]: I'm a fan of Alex's YouTube videos, but the Analyst Builder takes it up a notch. Offers detailed insights and enhances understanding. Practice questions aid in step-by-step learning is applicable to real projects. An amazing experience for an online learner!
                    - generic [ref=e158]: Lexy
                  - generic [ref=e160]:
                    - img [ref=e162]
                    - generic [ref=e164]: I used Analyst Builder to upskill and just landed a job at Microsoft after 3 rounds of interviews! Couldn't have done it without you!
                    - generic [ref=e166]: PSquil
                  - generic [ref=e168]:
                    - img [ref=e170]
                    - generic [ref=e172]: Completed the MySQL course with Analyst Builder! Hands-on learning and practical exercises boosted my analytical skills. Ready to apply my expertise to drive data-driven decisions. Grateful for learning from Alex and eager for new challenges!
                    - generic [ref=e174]: Ola Owoeye
                  - generic [ref=e176]:
                    - img [ref=e178]
                    - generic [ref=e180]: The platform is AMAZING! the questions are on point and trains you on different aspects every time!
                    - generic [ref=e182]: HNOSTORM
                - generic [ref=e183]:
                  - generic [ref=e185]:
                    - img [ref=e187]
                    - generic [ref=e189]: I just landed my first job thanks to you!! Salary was 65k and I start in 2 weeks!! I nailed the Technical Interview (which I was really nervous for) thanks to Analyst Builder! :D
                    - generic [ref=e191]: Missy24
                  - generic [ref=e193]:
                    - img [ref=e195]
                    - generic [ref=e197]: I'm a fan of Alex's YouTube videos, but the Analyst Builder takes it up a notch. Offers detailed insights and enhances understanding. Practice questions aid in step-by-step learning is applicable to real projects. An amazing experience for an online learner!
                    - generic [ref=e199]: Lexy
                  - generic [ref=e201]:
                    - img [ref=e203]
                    - generic [ref=e205]: I used Analyst Builder to upskill and just landed a job at Microsoft after 3 rounds of interviews! Couldn't have done it without you!
                    - generic [ref=e207]: PSquil
                  - generic [ref=e209]:
                    - img [ref=e211]
                    - generic [ref=e213]: Completed the MySQL course with Analyst Builder! Hands-on learning and practical exercises boosted my analytical skills. Ready to apply my expertise to drive data-driven decisions. Grateful for learning from Alex and eager for new challenges!
                    - generic [ref=e215]: Ola Owoeye
                  - generic [ref=e217]:
                    - img [ref=e219]
                    - generic [ref=e221]: The platform is AMAZING! the questions are on point and trains you on different aspects every time!
                    - generic [ref=e223]: HNOSTORM
                - generic [ref=e224]:
                  - generic [ref=e226]:
                    - img [ref=e228]
                    - generic [ref=e230]: I just landed my first job thanks to you!! Salary was 65k and I start in 2 weeks!! I nailed the Technical Interview (which I was really nervous for) thanks to Analyst Builder! :D
                    - generic [ref=e232]: Missy24
                  - generic [ref=e234]:
                    - img [ref=e236]
                    - generic [ref=e238]: I'm a fan of Alex's YouTube videos, but the Analyst Builder takes it up a notch. Offers detailed insights and enhances understanding. Practice questions aid in step-by-step learning is applicable to real projects. An amazing experience for an online learner!
                    - generic [ref=e240]: Lexy
                  - generic [ref=e242]:
                    - img [ref=e244]
                    - generic [ref=e246]: I used Analyst Builder to upskill and just landed a job at Microsoft after 3 rounds of interviews! Couldn't have done it without you!
                    - generic [ref=e248]: PSquil
                  - generic [ref=e250]:
                    - img [ref=e252]
                    - generic [ref=e254]: Completed the MySQL course with Analyst Builder! Hands-on learning and practical exercises boosted my analytical skills. Ready to apply my expertise to drive data-driven decisions. Grateful for learning from Alex and eager for new challenges!
                    - generic [ref=e256]: Ola Owoeye
                  - generic [ref=e258]:
                    - img [ref=e260]
                    - generic [ref=e262]: The platform is AMAZING! the questions are on point and trains you on different aspects every time!
                    - generic [ref=e264]: HNOSTORM
                - generic [ref=e265]:
                  - generic [ref=e267]:
                    - img [ref=e269]
                    - generic [ref=e271]: I just landed my first job thanks to you!! Salary was 65k and I start in 2 weeks!! I nailed the Technical Interview (which I was really nervous for) thanks to Analyst Builder! :D
                    - generic [ref=e273]: Missy24
                  - generic [ref=e275]:
                    - img [ref=e277]
                    - generic [ref=e279]: I'm a fan of Alex's YouTube videos, but the Analyst Builder takes it up a notch. Offers detailed insights and enhances understanding. Practice questions aid in step-by-step learning is applicable to real projects. An amazing experience for an online learner!
                    - generic [ref=e281]: Lexy
                  - generic [ref=e283]:
                    - img [ref=e285]
                    - generic [ref=e287]: I used Analyst Builder to upskill and just landed a job at Microsoft after 3 rounds of interviews! Couldn't have done it without you!
                    - generic [ref=e289]: PSquil
                  - generic [ref=e291]:
                    - img [ref=e293]
                    - generic [ref=e295]: Completed the MySQL course with Analyst Builder! Hands-on learning and practical exercises boosted my analytical skills. Ready to apply my expertise to drive data-driven decisions. Grateful for learning from Alex and eager for new challenges!
                    - generic [ref=e297]: Ola Owoeye
                  - generic [ref=e299]:
                    - img [ref=e301]
                    - generic [ref=e303]: The platform is AMAZING! the questions are on point and trains you on different aspects every time!
                    - generic [ref=e305]: HNOSTORM
              - generic [ref=e306]:
                - generic [ref=e307]:
                  - generic [ref=e309]:
                    - img [ref=e311]
                    - generic [ref=e313]: Analyst Builder is an incredible hub for data analysis! Analyst Builder is shaping analysts in an amazing way. Excited to conquer Python. Congrats, and let's lift each other as this platform grows
                    - generic [ref=e315]: Lightning
                  - generic [ref=e317]:
                    - img [ref=e319]
                    - generic [ref=e321]: Happy to say I landed my first Data Analyst position with my company and could not say thank you enough! Looking forward to completing the SQL course next!
                    - generic [ref=e323]: Marc
                  - generic [ref=e325]:
                    - img [ref=e327]
                    - generic [ref=e329]: Heard great things about Analyst Builder and Alex Freberg, so I decided to try it. Just a few modules in, and the clear, concise explanations have already improved my skills. Looking forward to more! Thanks, Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e331]: Jamie Edwards
                  - generic [ref=e333]:
                    - img [ref=e335]
                    - generic [ref=e337]: I JUST GOT AN OFFER AS A DATA ANALYST AT AMAZON!! I learned SQL and AWS on Analyst Builder and it's exactly what they were looking for and I can't believe it!! You've changed my life! Thank you Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e339]: Koralin
                  - generic [ref=e341]:
                    - img [ref=e343]
                    - generic [ref=e345]: I've tried many learning platforms, but Analyst Builder is one of the few that keeps me engaged and motivated. The MySQL for Data Analytics course was enjoyable, with clear, practical exercises and videos that made learning effective.
                    - generic [ref=e347]: Soulsoldseperately
                - generic [ref=e348]:
                  - generic [ref=e350]:
                    - img [ref=e352]
                    - generic [ref=e354]: Analyst Builder is an incredible hub for data analysis! Analyst Builder is shaping analysts in an amazing way. Excited to conquer Python. Congrats, and let's lift each other as this platform grows
                    - generic [ref=e356]: Lightning
                  - generic [ref=e358]:
                    - img [ref=e360]
                    - generic [ref=e362]: Happy to say I landed my first Data Analyst position with my company and could not say thank you enough! Looking forward to completing the SQL course next!
                    - generic [ref=e364]: Marc
                  - generic [ref=e366]:
                    - img [ref=e368]
                    - generic [ref=e370]: Heard great things about Analyst Builder and Alex Freberg, so I decided to try it. Just a few modules in, and the clear, concise explanations have already improved my skills. Looking forward to more! Thanks, Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e372]: Jamie Edwards
                  - generic [ref=e374]:
                    - img [ref=e376]
                    - generic [ref=e378]: I JUST GOT AN OFFER AS A DATA ANALYST AT AMAZON!! I learned SQL and AWS on Analyst Builder and it's exactly what they were looking for and I can't believe it!! You've changed my life! Thank you Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e380]: Koralin
                  - generic [ref=e382]:
                    - img [ref=e384]
                    - generic [ref=e386]: I've tried many learning platforms, but Analyst Builder is one of the few that keeps me engaged and motivated. The MySQL for Data Analytics course was enjoyable, with clear, practical exercises and videos that made learning effective.
                    - generic [ref=e388]: Soulsoldseperately
                - generic [ref=e389]:
                  - generic [ref=e391]:
                    - img [ref=e393]
                    - generic [ref=e395]: Analyst Builder is an incredible hub for data analysis! Analyst Builder is shaping analysts in an amazing way. Excited to conquer Python. Congrats, and let's lift each other as this platform grows
                    - generic [ref=e397]: Lightning
                  - generic [ref=e399]:
                    - img [ref=e401]
                    - generic [ref=e403]: Happy to say I landed my first Data Analyst position with my company and could not say thank you enough! Looking forward to completing the SQL course next!
                    - generic [ref=e405]: Marc
                  - generic [ref=e407]:
                    - img [ref=e409]
                    - generic [ref=e411]: Heard great things about Analyst Builder and Alex Freberg, so I decided to try it. Just a few modules in, and the clear, concise explanations have already improved my skills. Looking forward to more! Thanks, Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e413]: Jamie Edwards
                  - generic [ref=e415]:
                    - img [ref=e417]
                    - generic [ref=e419]: I JUST GOT AN OFFER AS A DATA ANALYST AT AMAZON!! I learned SQL and AWS on Analyst Builder and it's exactly what they were looking for and I can't believe it!! You've changed my life! Thank you Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e421]: Koralin
                  - generic [ref=e423]:
                    - img [ref=e425]
                    - generic [ref=e427]: I've tried many learning platforms, but Analyst Builder is one of the few that keeps me engaged and motivated. The MySQL for Data Analytics course was enjoyable, with clear, practical exercises and videos that made learning effective.
                    - generic [ref=e429]: Soulsoldseperately
                - generic [ref=e430]:
                  - generic [ref=e432]:
                    - img [ref=e434]
                    - generic [ref=e436]: Analyst Builder is an incredible hub for data analysis! Analyst Builder is shaping analysts in an amazing way. Excited to conquer Python. Congrats, and let's lift each other as this platform grows
                    - generic [ref=e438]: Lightning
                  - generic [ref=e440]:
                    - img [ref=e442]
                    - generic [ref=e444]: Happy to say I landed my first Data Analyst position with my company and could not say thank you enough! Looking forward to completing the SQL course next!
                    - generic [ref=e446]: Marc
                  - generic [ref=e448]:
                    - img [ref=e450]
                    - generic [ref=e452]: Heard great things about Analyst Builder and Alex Freberg, so I decided to try it. Just a few modules in, and the clear, concise explanations have already improved my skills. Looking forward to more! Thanks, Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e454]: Jamie Edwards
                  - generic [ref=e456]:
                    - img [ref=e458]
                    - generic [ref=e460]: I JUST GOT AN OFFER AS A DATA ANALYST AT AMAZON!! I learned SQL and AWS on Analyst Builder and it's exactly what they were looking for and I can't believe it!! You've changed my life! Thank you Alex!
                    - generic [ref=e462]: Koralin
                  - generic [ref=e464]:
                    - img [ref=e466]
                    - generic [ref=e468]: I've tried many learning platforms, but Analyst Builder is one of the few that keeps me engaged and motivated. The MySQL for Data Analytics course was enjoyable, with clear, practical exercises and videos that made learning effective.
                    - generic [ref=e470]: Soulsoldseperately
              - generic [ref=e471]:
                - generic [ref=e472]:
                  - generic [ref=e474]:
                    - img [ref=e476]
                    - generic [ref=e478]: Today was my first day as a data analyst for a tech company! Started this journey 7 months ago, I have Bachelor's degree in Business but no CS/DA degree or prior experience in those areas. I completed 2 data analytics projects and added them to my resume. Big thank you to @AlexTheAnalyst, Analyst Builder Team and community. I hope this can serve as inspiration but also set realistic expectations.
                    - generic [ref=e480]: Nathan
                  - generic [ref=e482]:
                    - img [ref=e484]
                    - generic [ref=e486]: I got the job! Starting in 10 days and I’m thrilled. After taking a costly data analyst course over a year ago and struggling with technical interviews, I found your website and realized I was missing crucial info. After 9 I landed a great analyst job without a degree. This will change my family’s life and let me finally pursue a software engineering degree. Thank you so much!
                    - generic [ref=e488]: Tiawwaa
                  - generic [ref=e490]:
                    - img [ref=e492]
                    - generic [ref=e494]: I just wanted to let you know that I got a job as a Business Intelligence Analyst! I can’t thank you enough for Analyst Builder!
                    - generic [ref=e496]: Andrew
                - generic [ref=e497]:
                  - generic [ref=e499]:
                    - img [ref=e501]
                    - generic [ref=e503]: Today was my first day as a data analyst for a tech company! Started this journey 7 months ago, I have Bachelor's degree in Business but no CS/DA degree or prior experience in those areas. I completed 2 data analytics projects and added them to my resume. Big thank you to @AlexTheAnalyst, Analyst Builder Team and community. I hope this can serve as inspiration but also set realistic expectations.
                    - generic [ref=e505]: Nathan
                  - generic [ref=e507]:
                    - img [ref=e509]
                    - generic [ref=e511]: I got the job! Starting in 10 days and I’m thrilled. After taking a costly data analyst course over a year ago and struggling with technical interviews, I found your website and realized I was missing crucial info. After 9 I landed a great analyst job without a degree. This will change my family’s life and let me finally pursue a software engineering degree. Thank you so much!
                    - generic [ref=e513]: Tiawwaa
                  - generic [ref=e515]:
                    - img [ref=e517]
                    - generic [ref=e519]: I just wanted to let you know that I got a job as a Business Intelligence Analyst! I can’t thank you enough for Analyst Builder!
                    - generic [ref=e521]: Andrew
                - generic [ref=e522]:
                  - generic [ref=e524]:
                    - img [ref=e526]
                    - generic [ref=e528]: Today was my first day as a data analyst for a tech company! Started this journey 7 months ago, I have Bachelor's degree in Business but no CS/DA degree or prior experience in those areas. I completed 2 data analytics projects and added them to my resume. Big thank you to @AlexTheAnalyst, Analyst Builder Team and community. I hope this can serve as inspiration but also set realistic expectations.
                    - generic [ref=e530]: Nathan
                  - generic [ref=e532]:
                    - img [ref=e534]
                    - generic [ref=e536]: I got the job! Starting in 10 days and I’m thrilled. After taking a costly data analyst course over a year ago and struggling with technical interviews, I found your website and realized I was missing crucial info. After 9 I landed a great analyst job without a degree. This will change my family’s life and let me finally pursue a software engineering degree. Thank you so much!
                    - generic [ref=e538]: Tiawwaa
                  - generic [ref=e540]:
                    - img [ref=e542]
                    - generic [ref=e544]: I just wanted to let you know that I got a job as a Business Intelligence Analyst! I can’t thank you enough for Analyst Builder!
                    - generic [ref=e546]: Andrew
                - generic [ref=e547]:
                  - generic [ref=e549]:
                    - img [ref=e551]
                    - generic [ref=e553]: Today was my first day as a data analyst for a tech company! Started this journey 7 months ago, I have Bachelor's degree in Business but no CS/DA degree or prior experience in those areas. I completed 2 data analytics projects and added them to my resume. Big thank you to @AlexTheAnalyst, Analyst Builder Team and community. I hope this can serve as inspiration but also set realistic expectations.
                    - generic [ref=e555]: Nathan
                  - generic [ref=e557]:
                    - img [ref=e559]
                    - generic [ref=e561]: I got the job! Starting in 10 days and I’m thrilled. After taking a costly data analyst course over a year ago and struggling with technical interviews, I found your website and realized I was missing crucial info. After 9 I landed a great analyst job without a degree. This will change my family’s life and let me finally pursue a software engineering degree. Thank you so much!
                    - generic [ref=e563]: Tiawwaa
                  - generic [ref=e565]:
                    - img [ref=e567]
                    - generic [ref=e569]: I just wanted to let you know that I got a job as a Business Intelligence Analyst! I can’t thank you enough for Analyst Builder!
                    - generic [ref=e571]: Andrew
              - generic:
                - img
              - generic:
                - img
          - generic [ref=e573]:
            - generic [ref=e574]:
              - heading "Why Choose Analyst builder" [level=2] [ref=e575]
              - generic [ref=e576]: We've designed the perfect learning environment for aspiring data analysts
            - generic [ref=e577]:
              - generic [ref=e580]:
                - generic [ref=e581]:
                  - generic [ref=e583]:
                    - generic [ref=e584]: Video Walkthroughs
                    - generic [ref=e585]: on all questions
                  - generic [ref=e586]: Video walkthroughs help you learn how to think and solve the question, not just give you the answer.
                - img [ref=e588]
              - generic [ref=e598]:
                - generic [ref=e599]:
                  - generic [ref=e601]:
                    - generic [ref=e602]: Analyst Focused
                    - generic [ref=e603]: Courses
                  - generic [ref=e604]: Each course is taught from the perspective of a data analyst and walks you through the thought process and implementation of those skills.
                - img [ref=e606]
              - generic [ref=e616]:
                - generic [ref=e617]:
                  - generic [ref=e619]:
                    - generic [ref=e620]: Integrated Coding
                    - generic [ref=e621]: Workspace
                  - generic [ref=e622]: Write your code in our intuitive online editor and practice your technical skills.
                - img [ref=e624]
          - generic [ref=e638]:
            - generic [ref=e639]:
              - heading "What sets us apart" [level=2] [ref=e640]
              - generic [ref=e641]: See how Analyst Builder goes beyond traditional tools to accelerate your growth
            - generic [ref=e645]:
              - generic [ref=e646]:
                - img [ref=e648]
                - generic [ref=e651]:
                  - generic [ref=e652]:
                    - img [ref=e654]
                    - generic [ref=e658]: AI Platform Integration
                  - generic [ref=e659]:
                    - img [ref=e661]
                    - generic [ref=e665]: Data Analyst Focused
                  - generic [ref=e666]:
                    - img [ref=e668]
                    - generic [ref=e672]: Video Explanations
                  - generic [ref=e673]:
                    - img [ref=e675]
                    - generic [ref=e679]: Full Length Courses
                  - generic [ref=e680]:
                    - img [ref=e682]
                    - generic [ref=e686]: All in One Platform
              - generic [ref=e689]: VS
              - generic [ref=e690]:
                - generic [ref=e691]: Other Platforms
                - generic [ref=e692]:
                  - generic [ref=e693]:
                    - img [ref=e695]
                    - generic [ref=e699]: No AI-driven integration
                  - generic [ref=e700]:
                    - img [ref=e702]
                    - generic [ref=e706]: Generic, broad audience focus
                  - generic [ref=e707]:
                    - img [ref=e709]
                    - generic [ref=e713]: Text-heavy, limited explanations
                  - generic [ref=e714]:
                    - img [ref=e716]
                    - generic [ref=e720]: Fragmented tutorials or short lessons
                  - generic [ref=e721]:
                    - img [ref=e723]
                    - generic [ref=e727]: Multiple tools needed, not centralized
          - generic [ref=e728]:
            - generic [ref=e729]:
              - heading "Discover What’s Inside Analyst Builder" [level=2] [ref=e730]
              - generic [ref=e731]: Learn, build, and grow with Analyst Builder, the program that turns your data curiosity into confidence and your skills into success.
            - generic [ref=e732]:
              - generic [ref=e735]:
                - generic [ref=e738]:
                  - generic [ref=e739]: Customise your learning experience
                  - generic [ref=e740]: Shape your learning path to fit your goals. Work through interactive lessons, adjust difficulty levels, and explore topics that match your interests while getting instant feedback as you progress.
                - img [ref=e742]
              - generic [ref=e749]:
                - generic [ref=e752]:
                  - generic [ref=e756]:
                    - generic [ref=e757]: Practice with real databases
                    - generic [ref=e758]: Work directly with realistic, industry-level datasets to master SQL and analytical problem-solving. Apply what you learn in simulated workplace scenarios and build confidence through hands-on projects.
                  - img [ref=e761]
                - generic [ref=e782]:
                  - generic [ref=e786]:
                    - generic [ref=e787]: Apply your skills in real-world scenarios
                    - generic [ref=e788]: Test your knowledge on complex data challenges inspired by real business cases. Learn to clean, query, and visualize data just like a professional analyst, preparing you for real job tasks
                  - img [ref=e791]
          - generic [ref=e805]:
            - generic [ref=e807]:
              - img "Learn about Analyst Builder" [ref=e809]
              - button [ref=e810] [cursor=pointer]:
                - img [ref=e811]
            - generic [ref=e814]:
              - generic [ref=e815]:
                - generic [ref=e816]: Learn about
                - generic [ref=e817]: Analyst Builder
              - generic [ref=e818]:
                - text: Need help or clarification?
                - text: Join our Discord for real-time support.
              - link "Join our Discord server" [ref=e819] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: https://discord.gg/c5VZ7euFPK
                - img [ref=e820]
                - text: Join our Discord server
              - img [ref=e825]
          - generic [ref=e851]:
            - paragraph [ref=e854]:
              - text: Level up with
              - text: Analyst Builder Affiliate
            - paragraph [ref=e855]: Share our courses and earn commissions effortlessly, it’s that simple!
            - link "Become an Affiliate" [ref=e856] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://analyst-builder.getrewardful.com/signup
              - text: Become an Affiliate
              - img [ref=e857]
          - generic [ref=e860]:
            - heading "Frequently Asked Questions" [level=2] [ref=e861]: Frequently Asked Questions
            - generic [ref=e862]:
              - heading "Is there a discussion forum or community where I can interact with other learners and instructors?" [level=3] [ref=e866]:
                - button "Is there a discussion forum or community where I can interact with other learners and instructors?" [ref=e867] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - generic [ref=e868]:
                    - heading "Is there a discussion forum or community where I can interact with other learners and instructors?" [level=3] [ref=e870]
                    - img [ref=e872]
              - heading "Do I receive a certificate of completion after finishing the course?" [level=3] [ref=e877]:
                - button "Do I receive a certificate of completion after finishing the course?" [ref=e878] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - generic [ref=e879]:
                    - heading "Do I receive a certificate of completion after finishing the course?" [level=3] [ref=e881]
                    - img [ref=e883]
              - heading "How do I earn Skill Badges?" [level=3] [ref=e888]:
                - button "How do I earn Skill Badges?" [ref=e889] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - generic [ref=e890]:
                    - heading "How do I earn Skill Badges?" [level=3] [ref=e892]
                    - img [ref=e894]
              - heading "How often are new courses and questions added to Analyst Builder?" [level=3] [ref=e899]:
                - button "How often are new courses and questions added to Analyst Builder?" [ref=e900] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - generic [ref=e901]:
                    - heading "How often are new courses and questions added to Analyst Builder?" [level=3] [ref=e903]
                    - img [ref=e905]
              - heading "How can I seek help if I encounter technical issues with the platform?" [level=3] [ref=e910]:
                - button "How can I seek help if I encounter technical issues with the platform?" [ref=e911] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - generic [ref=e912]:
                    - heading "How can I seek help if I encounter technical issues with the platform?" [level=3] [ref=e914]
                    - img [ref=e916]
          - generic [ref=e919]:
            - generic [ref=e920]:
              - generic [ref=e921]:
                - img [ref=e923]
                - text: The Ultimate Analytics Learning Platform
              - generic [ref=e926]:
                - generic [ref=e927]:
                  - heading "Product" [level=5] [ref=e928]
                  - generic [ref=e929]:
                    - link "Courses" [ref=e930] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /courses
                    - link "Pricing" [ref=e931] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /pricing
                    - link "Questions" [ref=e932] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /questions
                - generic [ref=e933]:
                  - heading "Legal" [level=5] [ref=e934]
                  - generic [ref=e935]:
                    - link "Privacy Policy" [ref=e936] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /privacy
                    - link "Terms of Service" [ref=e937] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /terms
                    - link "Cookie Policy" [ref=e938] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: /cookie-policy
                - generic [ref=e939]:
                  - heading "Support" [level=5] [ref=e940]
                  - link "Report a bug" [ref=e942] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: https://discord.gg/c5VZ7euFPK
                - generic [ref=e943]:
                  - heading "Connect With Us" [level=5] [ref=e944]
                  - generic [ref=e945]:
                    - link [ref=e946] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: https://www.linkedin.com/company/analyst-builder/
                      - img [ref=e947]
                    - link [ref=e949] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: https://twitter.com/Analyst_Builder
                      - img [ref=e950]
                    - link [ref=e952] [cursor=pointer]:
                      - /url: https://www.instagram.com/analyst_builder/
                      - img [ref=e953]
            - generic [ref=e957]: Copyright © 2026 Analyst Builder LLC
  - alert [ref=e958]
```